what is driving the internet crazy
starting with Justin Bieber this is how
he eats a burrito baby showering down on
a burrito like it's a corn cob eating a
burrito like he's eating horse meat
organs like he's eating it like a kava
cooler don't eat raw chicken and you
don't eat a burrito like compromising
its structure by attack and if you're
not offended you're not American hold it
like that you may be from under the
cradle it gotcha yep that photo of
Justin Bieber eating a burrito sideways
was completely staged and we are the
ones that did it we've never pulled off
anything like this before but
engineering a viral story that has
nothing to do with yes theory has been a
challenge we've always wanted to do and
when we stumbled upon Brad Souza's
Instagram the uncanny Justin Bieber
lookalike that thoughts connected
what's up bro we wanted to prove a point
that staging a story as goofy as it was
can be done much more easily than most
people can imagine so our plan was
simple fly Brad out all the way from
Canada to LA to pose as Justin Bieber
doing unusual things in public all right
we've been brainstorming ideas what
should a Biebs do feel like the Internet
does have a sweet spot for Grandma I
don't know what like what debates on
there people debate like YouTube banana
this way or that way like and you've
heard people say like you bite straight
into the side versus breaking them off
what if he's caught doing like really
weird stuff like eating a burrito
sideways bites like sideways on the
burrito when we picked Brad up from the
airport however he told us some worrying
stories is when I was actually 18 when I
turn ethan's it something like everyone
were like freaked I would actually be
stopped people like oh my god that's
actually him like now it's just like oh
my god what are the things that we're
gonna have to do is to actually make you
look like him as making look completely
like the current Justin Bieber was going
to be imperative for this to work so I
spent hours losing my mind over watching
paparazzi videos to figure out what
Justin Bieber looked like these days
there's Justin Bieber had neck tattoos
oh it doesn't say patience but the thing
is to get this to go viral we have to
have people in the news think it's real
those are the people they're gonna
spread it right we only had Brad in LA
for two days so the first day was
dedicated to make him look as close to
Justin Bieber as we possibly could
we're gonna need long sleeve we're gonna
need hands right to stay be used as got
like leg tattoos and then just cover up
his his arms and legs so long here yeah
oh my god yes this is perfect
Wow
[Music]
yeah yeah it's got to be a photo from
here we had to potentially viral ideas
we're going to stage our first attempt
was to hire grandma to pretend to be
struggling crossing the road I had spent
an afternoon trying to figure out how to
hire grandma for a few hours to make
this happen and eventually found one
that agreed to act in our video for an
hour you would then have our fake Justin
Bieber get out of his car mid traffic
and help her across the street and while
filming it we got extremely lucky Wow
the celebrity tour bus gave our videos
so much more credibility than we could
have ever have planned for we were
convinced we had just shot a viral video
we could never have predicted that our
next attempt at the park is going to
change everything
you're trying to think of something that
would offend the Internet it's like one
of those things that you put the milk
before this know what I mean it's one of
those things is that what are you doing
that's how you do it so biting into a
burrito sideways I feel like it's gonna
get enough people to be like what them
yeah oh that's what we're doing right
now we're shooting some photos we're
getting Brad to eat a burrito lighting
it from the middle which makes
absolutely no sense
yeah exactly hold it like so that you
create a lit pervert
I nest I devour you from the middle from
the middle this goes viral yeah actually
we've got to figure out how to spread it
our viral strategy was simple send out
the video and photo to as many blogs and
newspapers as we could find think we
have either two objective either getting
a bunch of views on one of these links
or just getting it published and one of
these like gossip website see we should
final statistic doing fan pages say
early armies but we were immediately hit
by a slow start
well I'm weird for comments on reddit in
22 minutes
damn this is gonna be harder than I
thought I thought people would like find
it funny right away it could be in a
week it could be in like two weeks
I remember Kimmel said it took like a
month for their viral video oh ten
avoids about 78% yeah okay our friend
Connor just joined the operation to try
to make this go viral I think that you
need to put it onto a different sub
reddits because we posted it on the pix
subreddit which is huge but the problem
is it's like really impossible to stand
out I think this picture would be
perfect for mildly infuriating which is
a specific subreddit for things that
mildly infuriate you so there are
nothing's working for now but hopefully
it'll get picked up okay so we just got
back from the meeting and we just
checked the subreddit and it is number
one it is number one on the one of the
biggest subreddit to chew on Mylene few
84 is that eighty half an hour ago
Wow yeah a single person is questioning
whether that's actually Justin Bieber
but I do it's freaking number one
it's working yeah we're at 300 upvotes
yeah getting comments in like 10 opposed
every few seconds yeah there is a chance
that it might end up on the front page
at this rate like it's it's by far
number one it's rising the fastest we
just mean like one or two of those
gossip websites to pick it up and then
[Music]
we're on I think we went off to get a
burrito came back just buried it was on
the front page ten point six
3084 note the piece I just downloaded
eBay off like an hour ago
yeah buddy number 38 in the world on
reddit I have no idea what this is the
text I got from Darren's weren't your on
paper magnet the most respected online
fashion arts magazine check dude dude
Justin Bieber goes against the laws of
God and man and the Biebs has hit us
with a new scandal that be possibly via
scandals Justin Bieber ate a burrito
sideways alright we're in the middle of
shooting Connor called me Vanity Fair
contacted him and asked him where he got
the photo because they wanted this story
on it what do we do I just told him it's
very much confirmed that it was him be
like yeah I'm certain it was him Craig
you had no idea was it was gonna be like
that crazy act like oh my god this is
crazy
yeah check out this bad boy the burrito
eating strategy that divided a nation
okay just went down even knew posted on
their Instagram 12 million followers
already have like 70,000 likes and it
was supposed to 15 minutes ago it's it's
getting out of control
it's everywhere Taylor shouldn't be all
these let's be nation paper bag at the
Asian shot we're either fat Jewish
you're joking oh my god Morita in corn
on the cob I'm not
I feel about it what have you done
Justin Bieber this is how he eats a
burrito yeah you guys is it too late to
say sorry eating a burrito and a weirdo
take a look at this picture does he know
how burritos work that's actually how we
eat burritos in Canada don't we start in
the middle my god let me get to
obviously social media this is a messy
situation waiting to happen it is a
disgrace designed to be eaten like this
I wanted to know how you guys felt about
Bieber eating a burrito like this oh my
god writer from vice tried to eat that
way and documented it and basically said
it was like eating a burrito like he's
eating corn on the cob or playing
harmonica cousin how you do it that is
not how you do it okay it's just become
a Twitter moment which means it's at the
top of the news on Twitter photos listen
beaver sparked a debate about proper
burrito etiquette if you literally type
eating on Google a bunch of view story
comes up about Justin Bieber eating a
burrito wrong and it's on USA Today
independent cosmopolitan BBC too much
too much news dude is going mega viral
right now all over the internet and
since Connor was the one that ended up
posting the photo he's getting DMS on
reddit from like new sites radio show
for interviews it's gotta be able to
[ __ ] the questions they callin hey
hey Erica its Connor last week I think
was last Friday last week I think was
last Friday I was just hangin out in
West Hollywood party my friends are
hanging out in that Park we're gonna
learn to do photography and like
videography stuff so I had my camera
with me and we're just hanging out we
are actually took the photos all Justin
from a distance and he just quickly took
a photo like we thought it at first it
was Bieber when we saw it he was a he
was eating his burrito but you can
absolutely tell it was Justin in person
so like we very quickly realized so we
started to take a photo and we saw he
was going in for this this bite on his
burrito you know what has turned out to
be a crazy way I was just putting it on
reddit for fun who would have ever
thought it would go so crazy
that would be crazy I don't don't know
even know why people would think that
like the whole thing would after you
orchestrated or something I don't even
know like that's crazy a lot of people
are questioning whether it was awesome
it was definitely it definitely was him
I think the Internet is spoken on that
cheers thanks dude they're calling him
famous they're like you're famous now go
enjoy your fame he asked several times
like everyone saying it's fake it's not
his hair yeah it's insane that this
worked out
[Music]